hello everyone here the vegan cat and a
day more I bring you a video but this time
is to comment on a topic that the
truth is that it has been many years since
brings head is a subject of
education awareness more than anything
and it's about marketing and
abandonment of turtles in recent years
when it's been quite
it was very common to have water turtles
buy them that they were a gift in
a tombola finally gave me any
thing and of course you have to admit that they are
very cute when they are very little turtles
little girls that are just a coin
what happens that these turtles grow up although
do not believe it they grow when we have a
small turtle anywhere
Well, you can have I do not know what's going on
that turtles are growing and this
size is still quite acceptable such
to act is about 7 years old but we
we find that turtles are still
growing
she is 23 years old, she has even
more than me
this is what we find after
from a time of having the turtles
even sometimes the series are made
large without actually having 23 years
happens when the turtles come to this
size simply people do not find
where to have them and decide to leave
many have been found in
containers in a box on the street there are
people who choose to drop them in a river and
what happens with releasing them in a river gentlemen
It is a mistake for us here in Spain
native turtle is the leprous turtle
and it's disappearing mostly because of
people that good that you release to these
turtles are very invasive
so much with all the fauna and flora and it
do with the total territory of the
rivers treatment ponds wherever
people want to let them get done with
the domain and destroy everything doing
that is not so much autochthonous
reproduce and disappearing by
Of course it is not that I am against
these turtles logically live as with
four is simply that who decides
have or adopt a turtle
of these you have to be aware of what
what is doing a turtle can
live more than 40 years and reach 40
centimeters is a lot but logically
you have to know to what dimensions
an animal can arrive before
accept it true then it is a
problematic in addition to being
a gift that people do or that
buy the children as if they were
toys and gentlemen is not a toy
besides being animals that require
a lot of care that requires having
spaces prepared for them with
a temperature with rays
ultraviolet a specific feed
space sun in the end basic care not
it's worth having them in a terrarium for life
where the animal can neither be the
return
then I from here I encourage you not to
promote the trade of turtles not
buy turtles please because in your
The vast majority usually come from state
wild in which they are already free and the
choose to
see them and sell them when they are too
little girls that sometimes is even
forbidden to sell them so small but
the merchants good they just seek
money if you have a turtle and it turns out
that for some problem you can not
keep having it
look for someone who does have
conditions and does not abandon them go for
favor
a river is not a place to leave a
turtle that has lived all his life in a
terrarium or that you have been feeding
every day do not think you're going to see
As a general rule, you will not know how
feed yourself how to look for life
and then there are many many
protective of animals that have
turtles for adoption in all countries
whether we are here in Spain or in
Latin America there are many people who do not
You can have these turtles in places
that have been invaded by
too many turtles of these and they look for
adopters so whoever is totally
decided who has all the
conditions to have these animals
I encourage you to visit these pages
of associations that do not give up if in
that moment there is no adoption that
there are always unfortunately after a
there is always time in adoption
and what good before having one that they know
well what are you doing because this
is for your whole life we are accepting
a responsibility is a life and not a
wrong toy in a toy to give him
to the children so well I hope that
this help some turtle in the world
so that it does not become abandoned or not
be a victim of animal trade
until the next video guys up
then